Add doc on working with volumes in Lightsail for Research (#346)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: docs/software-platforms/aws/working-with-volumes.md

# Working with Storage Volumes in Lightsail for Research

We recommend attaching disks (also sometimes called storage volumes) to any virtual computers you create Lightsail for Research (LSfR).

> Attaching a disk to your virtual computer will increase its storage capacity.

Author: I don't want to encourage people to use the system storage. I want to pretend it doesn't exist in the instructions.

## Quick tips about disks

- You can only attach your disk to one virtual computer at a time, just like an external hard drive.
- You can only attach a disk to a virtual computer for the first time if the virtual computer is running.
- You can attach multiple disks to the same virtual computer.
- You must detach a disk from a virtual computer before you can delete it.
- Your disk usage [counts towards your monthly AWS budget](../../getting-started/accessing-resources/getting-access-to-compute.md#monthly-budget).

## Creating and attaching a disk

1. Navigate to the Storage section of the LSfR console and click the `Create disk` button.

    <figure markdown="span">
        ![Storage section](../../img/storage-volumes-1.png){width="850"}
    </figure>

> 1. Give your disk a descriptive name, select the `us-east-2` region, and pick an appropriate size for your disk.

Reviewer: Don't forget to note they should click `Create disk` after making their selections. I know it's obvious but can't hurt to say.

    <figure markdown="span">
        ![Attach at creation](../../img/storage-volumes-3.png){width="400"}
    </figure>

    b\. By navigating to the `Storage` tab when viewing the virtual computer in the LSfR Console

    <figure markdown="span">
        ![Storage](../../img/storage-volumes-4.png){width="750"}
    </figure>

      Clicking attach disk will allow you to select the disk you created from the dropdown menu

    <figure markdown="span">
        ![Disk dropdown](../../img/storage-volumes-5.png){width="400"}
    </figure>

### Disk path

The disk will be mounted in your home directory in your LSfR virtual computer.

If you attached a volume called `cell-typing`, you could use the following command in the terminal to navigate to it:

```sh
cd ~/cell-typing
```

## Detaching and deleting a disk

### Detaching

To detach a disk, navigate to the `Storage` tab of the virtual computer it is attached to, select the disk, and click the `Detach` button.

<figure markdown="span">
    ![Detach](../../img/storage-volumes-6.png){width="750"}
</figure>

Confirm detaching the disk when prompted.

### Deleting

> !!! note

Reviewer: Should we make this a warning instead? This seems important that we don't want them to gloss over it.

    Deleting a disk will permanently delete all of the data on it.

> To delete a disk once it is detached, navigate to `Storage`, select the disk, and then click `Delete disk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disks can be deleted only once they have been detached from a virtual computer. 
To delete a disk, navigate to `Storage`, select the disk, and then click `Delete disk`.
```
Just trying to break this up since I think the fact that this won't work until it's detached is important to pull out.

# Working with Storage Volumes in Lightsail for Research

> We recommend attaching disks (also sometimes called storage volumes) to any virtual computers you create in Lightsail for Research (LSfR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend attaching disks (also sometimes called storage volumes) to any [virtual computers you create in Lightsail for Research (LSfR)](creating-vcs.md).
```
Just adding a link to the docs for creating the VCs.
